This is where I started my story. Due to the summer programs that my father organized for students, he tended to not be around during the times that I was at home from school the most. Thus, although I realized that I had caring parents, and was lucky to have both parents for that matter, I never had a deep relationship with my father. He was great at providing for our family and instilling good work ethic, productivity, and a healthy respect for God, but sometimes spending time with him seemed to be more centered around discipline and less around enjoying things together. This likely had as much to do with my view of the situation as it did with the actual regular events that occurred. 
The community around the school I lived at and our home church was also quite conservative. And I don't necessarily mean this in a bad way. There were many good things that came of the environment I grew up in. I spent much of my time outdoors. I was schooled in various basic aspects of Christian theology at a young age. The church I attended was so supportive of the elementary school I attended that many of my friends went there only because the church paid their tuition. One of the most touching moments engrained in my mind was the way the church came together after a fire left only a little hill and a concrete slab where my home used to be. Neighbors and church members brought together enough spare furniture and household items to fill the academy's gymnasium. I was blown away when I got to pick up new toys and pick out a new sofa for the living room in the house the school gave us as a replacement. However, this same environment proved quite detrimental to me in many avoidable ways.

Not much happened between . . . story.
After 10th birthday party . . .
I began to notice the guys in my class much more than the girls as early as fourth grade. I remember several of my classmates in particular who I developed feelings for without realizing that it was happening. I didn't resent myself for it. I had not yet had any indication that what I was experiencing wasn't the norm for boys my age. 
Argued w/ ppl online . . . Luke . . .

After the 








Mapping:
Age	Grade
7		1
8		2
9		3
10	4
11	5
12	6
13	7
14	8
15	9
16	10
17	11
18	12
19	Freshman
20	Sophomore
21	Junior
22	Senior